Before we begin I'd just like to point out something that will help you get the most out of this course.
Personally I think the best way to learn is to code along as we build our e-commerce platform but I
know there are some learners that just like to watch and listen and then maybe look at the code themselves
later.
That's perfectly fine.
I've set up this course so that both these type of learners can get the most out of it if you go to
my get hub and navigate to my get hub account.
So you go get hub dot com slash is saying m e Hwa if you check the repositories you will see a bunch
of them that say Lesson 1 lesson 2 lesson three all the way up to twenty seven now in each of these
repositories is going to actually be the code that we finish writing at the end of every lesson related
to building our e-commerce platform so if you get lost you can always just follow the link that I will
provide in that lesson to one of these repos and get the code from there.
I'm gonna show you very quickly how that would work.
So let's say we finish Lesson 1 and we start talking about Lesson 2 and you want the code or let's say
Lesson 3 and you want the code related to Lesson 3.
You would go to the repo and you would hit this button clone or download from here.
We go into our terminal and I'm gonna teach you a little bit of get here.
So we go get clone and then we put down the link that we just copied and then we can put our own name
of our folder for where we want this to be stored or we can just let get do it and it'll just name it
whatever the name of the repo would.
So it would be less than three.
So let's just call it cloned repo so get well clone that project into this folder now called clone repo
and inside will be all of the code related to what we just pulled down now if you wanted to continue
from this package and you want to save your progress in your own repository what you have to do is actually
change the remote.
So if we if we type and get removed we'll see that there is actually an origin already here.
Right.
And this is pretty much just the name of another repo that this is attached to and that repo is my repo.
The one that you just pulled this code from but because you cannot push to my repo because I don't want
that code changing because I want all the students to be able to benefit from the code that is already
there.
What you're gonna do is you're gonna remove this remote so you're gonna type get remote remove and then
origin.
Right.
And now you won't have an origin in your remote so you're gonna add your own.
And first what you have to do is create a new repository and you can call yours whatever you want.
Let's say you call it cloned repo just for an example when you create this repo.
You can take this SSA key here and then you can do get remote add origin and then you would just put
in your SS HQ that just copy it hit enter and now you can push to your repo.
Anything on this code and you can also pull.
So what this remote is is essentially it's just a pointer to some repository that is not on your local
device.
Right.
And you want to call it origin because if you use any shorthand like G.G. push or pull in case you're
using something like Z shell which adds that for you what it will do is it is essentially an alias forget
push origin master or get pull origin master.
So naming an origin is just easier for us.
And now if you push you'll be able to push all the code that you just pulled in from my repo into your
own repo.
So if we refresh we should see our code and there at all is now.
Always remember to also run yarn or npm install so that you download all of the packages related to
your project and now that you know what to do.
Let's get started with building our final application.